the truck had some science and I
thought or suicides that had yet
to come that we have now in some
other signs we know we never get
right like i like the warp-drive
who doesn't like who doesn't
right there without let me
confess publicly right now i
have described the warp-drive
incorrectly in my past oh that's
what I can't walk this condition
ok I when I first knew of the
warp drive from the original
series i think all the warping
space just like I would fold
this piece of paper just you're
trying to get across the galaxy
which is a hundred thousand
light-years across
if it's our Milky Way and you
actually walk in space like that
is so wrong but I don't have you
back for your prize with a
subspace field and honest and
evaluation license how long I
was so so you work the space and
then you travel to a little
wormhole across and then don't
unfold it and then you get
across the galaxy during the TV
commercial and it would take a
hundred thousand years can get
so then so so people must have
been Tim because i think i was
saying that for years and until
something like that som I was a
comic own and some Star Trek
people met me in an alley and
there they had the woods at the
lab with that weapon that the
that to that leg
yeah that's the big one the
necklace is a little one yeah
but wow tell me how the world
works
what happens is that the warp
nacelles create a subspace field
around the ship which allows it
then to slide through ordinary
space faster than light
ok so the war factors is how
fast you're able to slide
through this subspace so how are
they working it's a complete
fabrication
well he's mine had yours has
high like this you your time on
this is real the warp thing is a
bubble toil describing something
is real so-and-so our car so I
was long about the show
yes I I beg forgiveness but you
look good doing it but if we
ever going to warp space it's
going to be something like this
maybe maybe what if we yeah I
mean yeah what if we use quantum
wave technology quantum wave or
quantum teleportation whatever
I'm down with that
ok we'll do a whole show with
that the point is that the idea
that we can bend space easier
than we can bend ourselves seems
to me backwards but that's just
the physicist and me what do I
know